

CGTextures License

Attention Second Life users: from 6 September 2013 you are no longer permitted to add our images to Second Life or other Linden Lab products. The use of textures downloaded prior to this date will be subject to the terms available when you downloaded the textures. For more information please read this announcement

Attention scrapbookers: the images on CGTextures may not be used for any kind of digital scrapbooking work.

Please read the CGTextures FAQ for an explanation and examples on what you are allowed to do with the textures.



This document is a license agreement ("License") by CGTextures between the user ("You") and CGTextures. Use of the photographs on the CGTextures website is conditional upon the your agreement to the terms and conditions of purchase set out below. If you do not agree to these terms, then you must not accept the terms hereof or purchase, download, access or otherwise use any products from CGTextures.

CGTextures may revise and update this Agreement at anytime and without notice. Your continued use of the website after any such changes are posted will constitute your acceptance of these changes.

LICENSE

CGTextures offers photographs of materials ("Textures") on its website (www.cgtextures.com) for game developers, special effects artists, graphic designers and other professions. No payment or royalties are required to use these Textures. The use of Textures is non-exclusive, royalty free, and you have the right to modify them for the uses permitted under the clause Conditions of Use.
Most Textures on the CGTextures website are photographed by CGTextures. A small part is photographed by third party contributors ("Contributors"). CGTextures has separate agreements with these Contributors in which they grant CGTextures permission to add their Textures to the website. All terms and conditions in this License apply to both groups of Textures.
All Textures and materials remain in ownership of CGTextures or the Contributor and the Textures and materials are licensed to you, not sold.

The license granted for the use of the textures gives you no lawful right to submit, use or otherwise make available the textures in Second Life or otherwise to Linden Research, Inc. Use of the textures in such manner will be an infringement of the intellectual property rights if CGTextures and CGTextures reserves its right to take action to prevent any such infringement.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

All materials including the organization and presentation of these materials on the CGTextures website are the property of CGTextures or its Contributors and are protected by intellectual property laws. Some images contain graphic materials like wallpaper patterns, logos, names or signs. The use of these kind of images is at your own discretion. The rights for the photo lie with CGTextures and the photo has been taken in a public space, but using the patterns, logos or name in your work might not be allowed.

CONDITIONS OF USE

Use of the Textures is only allowed under the following conditions:
- Private or commercial use
- Use in 2D or 3D computer graphics, movies and printed media
- Incorporation in computer games, 3D models
- Selling 3D models bundled with modified versions of the textures, when the texture is customized for the 3D model

It is NOT permitted to:
- Sell or distribute any of these textures in an unmodified form, or where the derived product you are selling or distributing is a Texture or a collection of Textures. IN OTHER WORDS: Do not sell or distribute any of these textures (modified or not) by itself or in a texture pack, material, clipart, website theme or scrapbooking pack!
- Bundle the images with software such as paint programs, 3D programs, photo-kiosk software.
- Reselling or redistributing the images at 'print on demand' services (mugs, t-shirts, mouse mats, etc)
- Use the textures in graphic design themes or templates sold to multiple customers on digital market places (this includes templates of websites and business cards and e-cards).
- Selling or redistributing skins for laptops, phones and other devices, created with images from CGTextures.
- Stockpile images with the goal of making a local texture library.
- Using a special program (spider, leecher) or script to automatically download all Textures on the CGTextures website. Users who try to mass download will be banned from the website automatically.
- Interfere with the security or otherwise abuse, disrupt, place excessive loads on, or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the CGTextures website or any system resources or networks connected to this website.
- Release the Textures or derivative products under Open Source Licences

RESALE OR REDISTRIBUTION OF 3D MODELS TEXTURED WITH IMAGES FROM CGTEXTURES

When selling or redistributing a 3D model bundled with textures from CGTextures please add the following text in the documentation accompanying the model:

"One or more textures on this 3D model have been created with images from CGTextures.com. These images may not be redistributed by default, please visit www.cgtextures.com for more information."

STOCKPILING IMAGES

CGTextures is meant as a 'download when you need it' resource. Downloading complete categories with the goal of making a local copy of the texture collection is not allowed. 

PRIVACY

CGTextures respects the privacy of the personal information of the individuals with whom we interact. CGTextures does not disclose personal information of our members or those individuals who visit our website. No newsletters or offers will be sent to you without your prior consent. Any information submitted by the buyer will be used solely for the purpose of completing the transaction, delivering the product and addressing any customer service issues.

We use third-party advertising companies (Google Adsense) to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including personally identifying information such as your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
For more information about this subject (including on how to "Opt-Out" on advertising cookies) please visit this link: Google Advertsing and Privacy page


LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

You assume all responsibility and risk for the use of the CGTextures website, the Textures, materials and information.
CGTextures does not represent or warrant that the site or any content available for downloading through the site will be free of viruses or similar contaminations of destructive features.

In no event shall CGTextures or any of its affiliates, employees or Contributors be liable for any incidental, indirect, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages whatsoever, including damages for loss of profits, interruption, loss of business information, loss of data, or any other pecuniary loss in connection with any claim, loss, action, suit, damage or other proceeding arising under or out of this License, including without limitation your use of, reliance upon, access to or exploitation of the CGTextures website, the materials or any part thereof, or any rights granted to you hereunder, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damaged, wheter the action is based on contract, tort (including negligence), infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise.

INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to indemnify and hold CGTextures harmless against all claims or liability asserted against CGTextures arising out of or in connection with any breach by you or anyone acting on your behalf of any of this License

GENERAL

This License shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The Netherlands, without regards to conflict of laws provisions thereto. The parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of, and venue and situs in The Netherlands.

TERMINATION

CGTextures reserves the right to terminate the license of the use of the materials on CGTextures if the user is found in breach of this License and does not remedy that breach within three (3) days of receiving notice from CGTextures.


EMAIL

Feel free to email any questions regarding this license or any other questions about CGTextures to support@cgtextures.com 
Correspondence can be in English or Dutch.

ADDRESS

CGTextures.com
Krommedijk 231
3312LE Dordrecht
The Netherlands